Don't kill me!
I lost to a waste
Ya Ya
Ocean
How dare you kill my beloved disciple
I'm not done with you
Tour guide, do you really want to pay for a dead person?
Let Suspense Attack with me
Immortal?
Take nature today
I will definitely inform the Supreme Elder
Don't be so troublesome
What? Are you scared?
Go back and tell Qi Feihua
Three months later.
Han Yang will definitely go to Xuanyi Palace for an appointment
Choose a palace to prepare a good coffin for you
One pair is not enough
It is better to prepare a pair for each person in the hanging palace
OK
Ocean you
You really passed by
You let us direct disciples
How can you live?
The knife just now
Are you all right?
I don't have an answer.
I'm fine if you wait.
You plan to go to Xuanyi Dao Palace now
Although the one-year contract has not yet arrived
But I can't wait any longer.
That chicken flying flower is heavy on New Year's Day
Yeah, hard work
After we get together, it's New Year's Day
There are two realms in between
But with your talent
It may only take a year
You can reach the stage
There might be a better chance of winning then
No, what do you want for you in the door?